Update deploying-the-sample-app.md (#3699)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/deploying-the-sample-app.md

    `           <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps          `
    .

> 2.  Start the Tomcat server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3.  Copy the `wso2carbon.jks` file from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security` folder and replace the existing `wso2carbon.jks` file in the  `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder.
>      
>      !!! info
>           If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue.
> 4.  Open the `sso.properties` file in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder and change the hostname in the SAML2 assertion consumer URL (`SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL` parameter) from `localhost.com` to `localhost` as shown below.
> 
>       ```bash
>       SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL=http://localhost:8080/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/home.jsp
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Copy the `wso2carbon.jks` file from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security` folder and replace the existing `wso2carbon.jks` file in the  `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder.
     
     !!! info
          If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue.
3.  Open the `sso.properties` file in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder and change the hostname in the SAML2 assertion consumer URL (`SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL` parameter) from `localhost.com` to `localhost` as shown below.

      ```bash
      SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL=http://localhost:8080/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/home.jsp
      ```
4.  Start the Tomcat server.
```

    `           <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps          `
    .
2.  Start the Tomcat server.

> 3.  Copy wso2carbon.jks file from <IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security and replace it with the existing wso2carbon.jks file under the web application folder    <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes (If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3.  Copy the `wso2carbon.jks` file from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security` folder and replace the existing `wso2carbon.jks` file in the  `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder.
     
     !!! info
          If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue.
```

> 4.  Edit sso.properties file present under <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes and change hostname from localhost.com to localhost in SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.  Open the `sso.properties` file in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder and change the hostname in the SAML2 assertion consumer URL (`SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL` parameter) from `localhost.com` to `localhost` as shown below.

      ```bash
      SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL=http://localhost.com:8080/saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com/home.jsp
      ```
```

    `           <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps          `
    .
2.  Start the Tomcat server.

> 3.  Copy wso2carbon.jks file from <IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security and replace it with the existing wso2carbon.jks file under the web application folder    <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes (If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3.  Copy the `wso2carbon.jks` file from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security` folder and replace the existing `wso2carbon.jks` file in the  `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder.
     
     !!! info
          If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue.
```

> 4.  Edit sso.properties file present under <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes and change hostname from localhost.com to localhost in SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.  Open the `sso.properties` file in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder and change the hostname in the SAML2 assertion consumer URL (`SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL` parameter) from `localhost.com` to `localhost` as shown below.

      ```bash
      SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL=http://localhost:8080/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/home.jsp
      ```
```

    `           <TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps          `
    .

> 2.  Start the Tomcat server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3.  Copy the `wso2carbon.jks` file from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security` folder and replace the existing `wso2carbon.jks` file in the  `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder.
>      
>      !!! info
>           If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue.
> 4.  Open the `sso.properties` file in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder and change the hostname in the SAML2 assertion consumer URL (`SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL` parameter) from `localhost.com` to `localhost` as shown below.
> 
>       ```bash
>       SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL=http://localhost:8080/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/home.jsp
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Copy the `wso2carbon.jks` file from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security` folder and replace the existing `wso2carbon.jks` file in the  `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder.
     
     !!! info
          If you miss this step, you will run into an authentication issue.
3.  Open the `sso.properties` file in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/apache-tomcat-<version>/webapps/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/WEB-INF/classes` folder and change the hostname in the SAML2 assertion consumer URL (`SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL` parameter) from `localhost.com` to `localhost` as shown below.

      ```bash
      SAML2.AssertionConsumerURL=http://localhost:8080/saml2-web-app-pickup-manager.com/home.jsp
      ```
4.  Start the Tomcat server.
```
